and in that day you will say oh Lord
I will praise you though you were angry
with me your anger is turned away and
you comfort me behold god is my
salvation i will trust and not be afraid
for yah the Lord is my strength and song
he also has become my salvation
therefore with joy you will draw water
from the wells of salvation and in that
day you will say praise the Lord call
upon his name declare his deeds among
the peoples make mention that his name
is exalted
sing to the Lord for he has done
excellent things this is known in all
the earth cry out and shout o inhabitant
of Zion for great is the Holy One of
Israel in your midst
[Music]